the topic
I have lost the magic I feel that I love
I'm just lost and I can not
hold more I lost in battle
the desire to give everything if one day
I had hope you can not achieve
Sometimes a dream is capable of the palm of
a hand and even if loud shout lands
that you can achieve sometimes you have to
surrender and not continue fighting in vain it
he put me a big and big I can not
overcome it only dream I get it friends
This my destiny will keep falling forever
breaking everything in a hurry with time
shattered and I have to fight with me
to lift from the ground because that is what
I need the two to grow while
that I'm going to unless fixing for something
As much as one day I wanted to think I gave myself no
you surrender owner alone act as memo
it will only follow everything, nobody will be able to
stop as I rise and I give myself passes
time this is a labyrinth in which
I feel like I 'm losing, I 'm very pessimistic
of reality everything I want ever
you can sing it but old man I do not say
I have my internal logic now all
we are pulling me one is
optimist and another says that to the shit
Whatever happens, I just have to follow
I fought so much with a dream
unreachable I say do not stop and just
I can shut up when the train passes and I do not
I go up in the I see how I am left alone
waiting in the under I've trained so much
to tear apart anyone ever tell me
I did not put on my back I tell you
I will not let it erase the time I am
fucking crazy fighting against
wind wind every time I say no
nothing happens when once again doing
always outstanding but hard work
is still my flag with 31 the
chest pulled strength of weakness before me
only enemy although it's me at my side
dark that seeks my reasons and puts before
me a thousand hard bones like concrete
hard as the diamond maybe you see me
cry forever I look forward and I
prevalent flight but does not how much
too much time the hard the weight of my
lamentations but head high no matter what
pass that has given everything even if it falls
on this trip I fight that the
next mireia that I live it for it
my life was for nothing time
I pass by all recollection if it escapes from my
hands will not be for not giving everything but in
this internal struggle I have to fight
well as I know they have told me where
spend time this is a labyrinth in
the one that I feel I'm missing
I am very well , I am in reality
everything I want you can never earn
but yes, I say it's like a
internal struggle now then we have
be pulling at me some optimists and
another says that to the shit
Whatever happens, I just have to follow
sometimes
the rapper snoop a javi iván is the mother
of the sun constitutes this with mine
drawn my roll has some goals
I am almighty cellay before and fears
call me if it played its premiere because I have
a born talent touched me with the values
very occasionally
I'm the best paid goalkeeper in the world
similar surrounded by whores and basses